What a great temperament to supervise the imperial history
How dare you teach me how to do royal things?
The emperor is the prince of benevolence
I will die soon.
The father is the king of benevolence
And I am a tyrant
The ten princes are all nine and a half eggs
Live and die
A fine of 100,000 miles and no official position
It is impossible to enter and exit the anti-swordsman
You dare my father to be here
How can I forgive you
All the great gods have read poetry
People who have learned to break bones
Yes, it's my Yan family from childhood to adulthood
Talents cultivated by my uncle
That being the case
Father, then I will take a test of three Yan Jade stones.
Questions that three children can answer
If he answers
Then I apologize to him immediately.
If the answer is wrong
The 10 of you are scrapped
Yan Yushi, what do you think?
Come on, if you lose
You have to scout for them in front of all the officials
Kowtow and apologize
OK, let's do it.
The first question asks under what circumstances is 1 + 1 equal to 3?
Hahahaha
Nothing can be wrong.
In the case of miscalculation, no.
Hahaha, the prince said it well.
Again, I was negligent just now.
The second question is hot summer
That is, why did your father's concubine rehydrate and skydive?
Nature is clean
Yan Xiang is not a beast
How can you be beautiful with Xiao Xie?
I don't know the history of speech
Are you a little beast with Yan Xiang?
Where did I slap on the third day?
Don't you feel any pain in your eyes?
Naturally on hand, no
on the feet
Hit you in the face